For this draft, I have recorded most of the audio that I think I will need for my narrative. So far, I have had to think about what sounds are native to my own environment and what sounds my cat hears as opposed to what I usually hear. I haven't gotten to really arrange the sound in the background as much as I would have liked to, but I will be able to focus on editing much more after this draft I believe. So, my soundscape follows my cat as he wakes up from a nap while I'm doing homework. You can hear my typing, the bedroom fan, and the washing machine running in the bathroom. My cat jumps down and starts clawing his cat tree, and then starts playing with his toy. You hear the sound of me sighing, as I finish up on homework. I tell Figaro that it's dinner time and proceed to feed him. When I start talking to him, he starts to purr. I haven't recorded the footsteps yet, but then I walk over and fill his food bowl, and he starts eating. As he is eating, you can hear me walking up the steps to tell my roommate that I'm moving his laundry to the dryer, then steps back down, the door to our laundry room opens, and you hear the washer door open and slam, and the dryer open and slam. Then I close the door, tell Fig we are going upstairs, and make my way upstairs. I haven't recorded it yet, but I want to add some more on the end where you can hear the sounds of pots and pans and cooking, while the sounds of gunfire from a video game play in the background. I feel that so far, my soundscape is relatively mundane, and I wasn't sure how to add an element of suspense or excitement; this is why this draft isn't quite "complete," because I honestly am not sure where to take the narrative from this point.
